adding dbt env command (#4792)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/dbt-environment.md

---
title: "About dbt environment command"
sidebar_label: "environment"
id: dbt-environment
---

> The `dbt environment` command enables you to interact with your dbt Cloud environment. The `dbt environment` command is useful for:

Author: ```suggestion
The `dbt environment` command enables you to interact with your dbt Cloud environment. Use the command for:
```

> - Viewing your local configuration details (account ID, active project ID, deployment environment, and more).

Author: @cesher one last question - what is the difference between local config and dbt cloud config in this context? i think i understand the difference in the 'git' context but wanted to clarify this for users. 

is it:
- local config -- details about their local environment setup?
- cloud config - dbt cloud account and connection details

Author: going to merge pr and address this when clarified in the shipped channel

> - Viewing your dbt Cloud configuration details (account ID, environment ID, environment name, connection type, and more).

Author: ```suggestion
- Viewing your dbt Cloud configuration details (environment ID, environment name, connection type, and more).
```

> This guide lists all the commands and options you can use with `dbt environment` in the [dbt Cloud CLI](/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation). To use it, add a command after it like this: `dbt environment [command]`.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide lists all the commands and options you can use with `dbt environment` in the [dbt Cloud CLI](/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation). To use them, add a command or option like this: `dbt environment [command]`.
```

> This guide lists all the commands and options you can use with `dbt environment` in the [dbt Cloud CLI](/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation). To use them, add a command or option like this: `dbt environment [command]`.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide lists all the commands and options you can use with `dbt environment` in the [dbt Cloud CLI](/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation). To use them, add a command or option like this: `dbt environment [command]` or use the shorthand  `dbt env [command]`.
```

> This guide lists all the commands and options you can use with `dbt environment` in the [dbt Cloud CLI](/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation). To use it, add a command after it like this: `dbt environment [command]`.

Author: i opted for plural here to make it easier for our future selves when more commands/options were added. adding

---
title: "About dbt environment command"
sidebar_label: "environment"
id: dbt-environment
---

The `dbt environment` command enables you to interact with your dbt Cloud environment. The `dbt environment` command is useful for:

- Viewing your local configuration details (account ID, active project ID, deployment environment, and more).
- Viewing your dbt Cloud configuration details (account ID, environment ID, environment name, connection type, and more).

> - CAN YOU MAKE CHANGES TO THE ENVIRONMENT?

Author: flagging this question

Reviewer: Not currently, we plan to add this functionality at a later date. We shouldn't mention it yet.

> - CAN YOU MAKE CHANGES TO THE ENVIRONMENT?

Author: ```suggestion
```
